444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people. >>>>>>>Too long!!!!!!!!!!.....I would happily write a code of that size but i just finished my english exam yesterday so its a big essay to write and i dont feel like writing :( 
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Computing Technology as we say is a byproduct of our own existence. It is a biological cycle in its own. I say that because 
 it was introduced a long time ago and has since evolved into a very complex system, just like us, interconnected with 
 different members of its species through the so called "Internet". Like humans interfere with other living organisms, 
 computer interfere with us. Right now, I am typing on my computer, you are watching it on a screen probably of your laptop, 
 this shows how close we are to the digital world. Computers were built to make our tasks simpler, help us in doing odd jobs 
 or hard tasks which required lot of time, etc but today its lot more than that. Computer are used these days to help us 
 advance in our life and advance in the progress of our own development. We use computers to interact with other human beings. 
 The greatest example would be Facebook, in our generation, its a very common method to get in touch with people via a computer
 which is connected to other computers around the world thus connecting us to the world. In today's world, computers play a big
 role in our day to day life, we use computers to do many of our basic tasks, sometimes it has its negative effects. I am 
 talking about the separation of humans from each other physically while still being connected by computers. Its a good thing 
 if you are living far away and you want to have a conversation with that person but if you are at your own house busy updating
 your status while eating dinner with your family looking down on the phone, that is not something that the computers were 
 meant to do. It disturbs not just one but a lot of physical interactions between people. On the other side, computers being 
 made from resources, cost us money. So they are everywhere, from the biggest stocks of Apple Inc. to a drone flying into your 
 home shipping the package that you ordered. This involves a big part of the economy. Tech Giants like Facebook, Google, 
 Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, etc all make a lot of money by selling their products. So in the last few years, we see the 
 emergence of a very competitive market in the society for smartphones, and laptops, etc that sometimes shifts our focus away 
 from development towards gaining money or power. Computers are a really good tool to solve problems, after all they were made 
 for that. Nowadays, people are trying to create A.I. ( definitely not Pedro :) ) it is predicted that creation of A.I. can 
 help us fight a lot of problems that exist today like Poverty and the concern about environment pollution. Computers can be 
 made to be more efficient thus decreasing the power needs and we can use those resources saved towards other causes. But as 
 we say that every coin has two sides, computers can be really helpful in bringing people together from around the world but 
 sometimes it ends up being counter-productive like people posting useless stuff on Facebook, etc. Social interaction amongst 
 humans is really important to utilise the full potential of computers we have today and factors that help reinforcing these 
 relations are very few when compared to the ones that disturb our social relations. 

At the end, computers are dependent on us, so it’s us who determine how to use them. We can choose computers for constructive 
purposes like solving the problems of poverty by spreading the technology around the world and educating more people thus 
helping those poor people grow. While that is one possible options from the infinitely many choices we have. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
